=head1 Extending the CSS syntax

It is possible to turn on extensions to the CSS syntax in cssprepare with the
C<-f> (or C<--enable-features>).

B<Note:> These extra features will never be turned on by default in
cssprepare. You must make a conscious choice to use them. But do take a moment
to consider if you really need the extensions before using them. Once you
start, you may no longer be writing valid CSS. This means that other parsers
and tools (and web browsers for that matter) will not understand your code
unless it has been run through cssprepare first.

=head2 Line-level comments

CSS lacks line-level comments, only having block-level C</* */> style
comments. This makes it difficult to comment out sections of a style sheet
that have comments/documentation in. Ideally line-level comments should be
used to explain code, and block-level comments used to temporarily eliminate
entire blocks of code.

Enabling the extended syntax features of cssprepare adds the ability to use
C<//> style line-level comments. Anything from the double-slash to the end
of that line of a file will be ignored, exactly as if it were surrounded by
normal C</*> and C<*/> comment markers. For example:

    #nav li:after {
        content: '*';           // visual separation between items
        _padding-right: 10px;   // use spacing instead in old IEs
    }

=head2 Chunking content

When optimising it can be useful to specifically chunk your content (see
L<Separate parts of the output> for more on this). This can be done by
marking the end of any rule sets you need to be chunked separately with a
comment containing just two or more hyphens.

    li { margin: 0; }
    /* -- */
    h1 { margin: 0; }

=head2 Verbatim comments

Sometimes you actually need to include a comment in the output, for things such as stating licensing terms. Any block-level comment with an exclamation
mark as the very first character in the comment is preserved in the output,
just with the exclamation mark removed.

=over

=item input:

    /*! 'Museo' Font by Jos Buivenga (exljbris) 
     * -> www.exljbris.com */
    @font-face {
        font-family:            'Museo';
        ...
    }
    
=item output:
    
    /* 'Museo' Font by Jos Buivenga (exljbris) 
     * -> www.exljbris.com */
    @font-face{font-family:'Museo';...}

=back

=head2 Verbatim blocks

Any CSS that cssprepare does not understand is automatically discarded. If you
need to include some rule sets that the parser does not understand, you can do
this by starting them with a special marker comment and ending with a chunk
marker, and cssprepare will just pass the content through unchanged.

    /*! verbatim */
    #problematic { border-radius: 5px; }
    /* -- */
